For this lesson, you will get hands-on practice with a dataset from
Stack Overflow developer survey results, from 2017.
The data for this example is available in
the Resources tab for you to follow along on your machine,
as well as in the workspaces in the classroom.
The data was collected by providing a survey to developers on Stack overflow's website.
A quick look at the columns in the dataset provides
a number of questions that we might ask.
This dataset, can provide some insight and to developers around the world,
and get you an idea of their experiences.
Anything from their advice to other developers,
to how they learn new skills,
to where they live, or what programming languages they use,
can all be understood from this dataset.
You will use the workspace and quizzes in
the following sections to familiarize yourself with the data,
and we will answer a few questions that I found interesting.
But you should feel free to branch from
my analysis and explore questions that you are most interested in.